# kpipartnersTraining
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ vi kpiteam.sh
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ sh kpiteam.sh
kpiteam.sh: 4: NAME: is read only
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ vi token.sh
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ sh token.s
sh: 0: Can't open token.s
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ sh token.sh
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ vi token.sh
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ sh token.sh
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ vi token.sh
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ $./example.sh
-bash: $./example.sh: No such file or directory
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ vi exp.sh
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ sh exp.sh
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ vi exp.sh
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ sh exp.sh
total value : expr 2 + 2
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ vi expr.sh
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ sh expr.sh
expr.sh: 4: While: not found
expr.sh: 5: Syntax error: "do" unexpected
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ vi expr.sh
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ sh expr.sh
expr.sh: 4: While: not found
expr.sh: 5: Syntax error: "do" unexpected
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$ vi expr.sh
monisha@KPI-MONISHATrainee:~$
